Afghanistan is like what you would see in a movie, but there are different
regions. The first time I was there in the Helmand province was
very desert, not a lot of greenery. Very, very warm and hot, very much
like you would see on TV and second time in the in the southeast
part of Afghanistan, near Pakistan. There was a lot of very lush and
green areas, some mountains that you would not expect to be there,
and it actually got rainy at the Times. Um, obviously the cultural,
uh, aspect of the individuals that were there, I did not see a lot
of adult females. Or in fact, I did not see any adult females in the
in the year I was there, Um, in the mails that I saw were covered and
depending on the villages were either sparsely populated or some
of them were pretty large.